[docs] add ydbops to downloads page (#12436)
ydb-platform/ydb: ydb/docs/en/core/downloads/index.md

{{ ydb-short-name }} DSTool is a command line utility for [managing a {{ ydb-short-name }} cluster's disk subsystem](../maintenance/manual/index.md).

To use the utility, install the [ydb-dstool](https://pypi.org/project/ydb-dstool/) Python package.

## {{ ydb-short-name }} Ops {#ydbops}

> {{ ydb-short-name }} Ops is a command line utility for [operating with {{ ydb-short-name }} cluster](../reference/ydbops/index.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{ ydb-short-name }} Ops is a command line utility for [operating {{ ydb-short-name }} clusters](../reference/ydbops/index.md).
```
